README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/PNProductions/py-tvd.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/PNProductions/py-tvd

py-tvd
======

This is a Python implementation of `Total Variation Denoising`_ method proposed by Guy Gilboa.

    Reduces the total-variation of the image.
    Filters out noise while preserving edges. Textures and fine-scale details are also removed.

Requirements
------------

To run this code you need the following packages:

-  `Numpy`_
-  `Numexpr`_
-  `OpenCV`_ (Optional)

**Everything but OpenCV can be installed via ``pip install -r requirements``**

Installation
------------

To install everything just type:

.. code:: shell

    pip install py-tvd


For manual installation:

.. code:: shell

    python setup.py install

Probably you have to run it with ``sudo``.

Testing
-------

Test are provided via `unittest`_.

To run them all:

.. code:: shell

    nosetests

Examples
--------

.. code:: python

    import cv2
    from tvd import TotalVariationDenoising
    import os

    image = cv2.imread(os.path.dirname(__file__) + '/../assets/example.bmp')
    image = cv2.cvtColor(image, cv2.COLOR_BGR2YCR_CB)
    subject = TotalVariationDenoising(image[:, :, 0])
    output = subject.generate()
    cv2.imshow('Total Variation Denoising image', output / 255)
    cv2.waitKey(0)
    cv2.destroyAllWindows()

The conversion to *YCbCr* color space is optionally (sure?)


.. _Total Variation Denoising: http://visl.technion.ac.il/~gilboa/PDE-filt/tv_denoising.html
.. _Python 2.7: https://www.python.org/download/releases/2.7/
.. _OpenCV: http://opencv.org/
.. _Numpy: http://www.numpy.org/
.. _numexpr: https://github.com/pydata/numexpr
.. _unittest: https://docs.python.org/2/library/unittest.html

Commit message:

Removing python 3.3 and 3.4 tests from travis.

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/PNProductions/py-tvd.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/PNProductions/py-tvd

py-tvd
======

This is a Python implementation of `Total Variation Denoising`_ method proposed by Guy Gilboa.

    Reduces the total-variation of the image.
    Filters out noise while preserving edges. Textures and fine-scale details are also removed.

Requirements
------------

To run this code you need the following packages:

-  `Numpy`_
-  `Numexpr`_
-  `OpenCV`_ (Optional)

**Everything but OpenCV can be installed via ``pip install -r requirements``**

Because of OpenCV, this code will run only with python 2.6 and 2.7.

Installation
------------

To install everything just type:

.. code:: shell

    pip install py-tvd


For manual installation:

.. code:: shell

    python setup.py install

Probably you have to run it with ``sudo``.

Testing
-------

Test are provided via `unittest`_.

To run them all:

.. code:: shell

    nosetests

Examples
--------

.. code:: python

    import cv2
    from tvd import TotalVariationDenoising
    import os

    image = cv2.imread(os.path.dirname(__file__) + '/../assets/example.bmp')
    image = cv2.cvtColor(image, cv2.COLOR_BGR2YCR_CB)
    subject = TotalVariationDenoising(image[:, :, 0])
    output = subject.generate()
    cv2.imshow('Total Variation Denoising image', output / 255)
    cv2.waitKey(0)
    cv2.destroyAllWindows()

The conversion to *YCbCr* color space is optionally (sure?)


.. _Total Variation Denoising: http://visl.technion.ac.il/~gilboa/PDE-filt/tv_denoising.html
.. _Python 2.7: https://www.python.org/download/releases/2.7/
.. _OpenCV: http://opencv.org/
.. _Numpy: http://www.numpy.org/
.. _Numexpr: https://github.com/pydata/numexpr
.. _unittest: https://docs.python.org/2/library/unittest.html
